Updating helm commands to work with latest version (#10716)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/helm.md

The default Helm chart deploys a three-node cluster. We recommend that you have at least 8 GiB of memory available for this deployment. You can expect the deployment to fail if, say, you have less than 4 GiB of memory available.

> For OpenSearch 2.12 or greater you have to provide `OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD` to start the cluster. Customize the admin password in `values.yaml` under `extraEnvs`, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OpenSearch 2.12 or later, you must provide `OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD` to start the cluster. Customize the admin password in `values.yaml` under `extraEnvs`, as shown in the following example:
```

   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

   The available charts are provided in the response:

   ```bash
   NAME                            	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION                           
   opensearch/opensearch                  	3.1.0        	3.1.0      	A Helm chart for OpenSearch                      
   opensearch/opensearch-dashboards       	3.1.0        	3.1.0      	A Helm chart for OpenSearch Dashboards
   ```

1. Create a minimal `values.yaml` file:

   ```yaml
   config:
     opensearch.yml: |-
       cluster.name: opensearch-cluster
       network.host: 0.0.0.0
   extraEnvs:
     - name: OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD
       value: <strong_password>
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

1. Deploy OpenSearch:

   ```bash
   helm install my-deployment opensearch/opensearch -f values.yaml
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

You can also build the `opensearch-<VERSION>.tgz` file manually:

> 1. Clone the [helm repo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/helm-charts/tree/main):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone the [helm-charts repo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/helm-charts/tree/main):
```

   ```bash
   NAME                            	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION                           
   opensearch/opensearch                  	3.1.0        	3.1.0      	A Helm chart for OpenSearch                      
   opensearch/opensearch-dashboards       	3.1.0        	3.1.0      	A Helm chart for OpenSearch Dashboards
   ```

> 1. Create minimal values.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Create a minimal `values.yaml` file:
```

Reviewer: Should we specify the directory for this file?

Author: @kolchfa-aws I don't think it necessary, as the path needs to be provided with -f or --values flag
